Stack, Tiles: Remove `divider` support (#1602)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/empty-numbers-live.md

---
'braid-design-system': major
---

---
updated:
  - Stack
  - Tiles
---

**Stack, Tiles:** Remove `divider` support

> As part of migrating our layout components to leverage flex gap, the `Stack` & `Tiles` no longer iterate over their children, making `dividers` no longer feasible to implement centrally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of migrating our layout components to leverage flex gap, the `Stack` & `Tiles` components no longer iterate over their children, making `dividers` no longer feasible to implement centrally.
```

> While we could have conditionally maintained this behaviour, it would have resulted in inconsistent edge cases when using `dividers` and not, e.g. if a child component rendered nothing or a hidden element, the `divider` would still be rendered, resulting in an inconsistent layout.

Reviewer: Feel like the `dividers` prop usage is implied here. Have also reworded it a bit. Does it still describe the problem accurately?

```suggestion
While we could have exposed an API to apply this behaviour conditionally, there are edge cases that cannot be handled correctly without consumer-side rendering logic, such as when child components render nothing or a hidden element.
```
